TestFileParser: Adding keyword wei for expressing function call value (#8340)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * Parser: Fix an internal error for ``abstract`` without ``contract``.
 * Type Checker: Make invalid calls to uncallable types fatal errors.
 * Assembly: Added missing `source` field to legacy assembly json output to complete the source reference.

>  * TestFileParser: Adding new keyword wei for expressing function value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * isoltest: Added new keyword `wei` to express function value in semantic tests
```

Author: Changed
